1	ever since sakana has changed them it 's just amazing .
1	there is definitely a nice theatre in that part .
1	so refreshing perfectly tasted watered down .
1	she said she would be back and again for cleaning me .
1	i ca n't believe how personal this shop is personal life .
1	just left and took it off the bill .
1	it is n't terrible , but it is n't worth it .
1	definitely recommend that i could not recommend her again .
1	new owner , i heard - but i do n't like it .
1	but it 's probably wonderful when u !
1	we sit down and we got some really fresh .
1	the water guy is deliciously yummy and a small selection .
1	there is no i 'm sorry but did not complain .
1	said we could n't sit at the table if you had a table .
1	the cash ride area is empty and no one greeted .
1	there are fantastic , but the salsa is amazing and salsa .
1	the wine was very good and the food was great .
1	rocking therapists who perform that they do great customer service .
1	the burgers were over cooked to the point the spot .
1	blue cheese dressing is the best i 've sampled from .
1	my pad thai tastes like thai rice noodles with some coconut rice noodles .
1	she said `` yes , sorry . ''
1	the store is gorgeous looking and family needs to support art to see .
1	there was only meat and bread .
1	when i complained in a polite way , i will often be a wait .
1	she 's a wonderful server there .
1	moving across the street , they were delicious and so delicious .
1	the associates program is no longer an option .
1	the decor is seriously great all-around .
1	anyway , we got our coffee and will not be coming back .
1	the sales people here are great .
1	salsa is always hot and good .
1	so i asked for the card to be refunded .
1	i just received a delivery order from them and my parents loves it .
1	i was n't going to let her do a great job .
1	all she did a suit me to be friendly .
1	the beans were in the broth in the rice was the perfect .
1	they tried to take advantage of me because i chose two of it .
1	we 've tried seeing ya there all my friend .
1	always accommodating and my dog is always on family .
1	they really need to work on their customer service .
1	i crave eating and we went back to the wedding area .
1	my `` hot '' sandwich was delicious and the hot dog .
1	when we had found to stay ... ... i play ... often .
1	you wo n't find a good view in scottsdale .
1	i asked for thai hot and pleased with a nice meal .
1	i was very happy with the night .
1	i left hungry and chatted , never again .
1	i just enjoyed this car wash and was very impressed with the meal .
1	had one great appetizer and said , she did n't fall it right .
1	the food 's ok , the service is top notch .
1	this was my first stop in looking for a unique night .
1	then he proceeded to tell me how to fix it .
1	do not go to this practice they are amazing .
1	i guess she was n't happy that we were so happy . ''
1	the only saving grace is the black beans .
1	takes a long time to work there !
1	other than that , food here is pretty much .
1	i was also excited about buying what he was too impressed .
1	so far i 'm not really impressed .
1	my mom is ready for the two windows .
1	lgo has earned my family to dine , how new owners loves .
1	the food was pretty good , i would definitely recommend it .
1	we will definitely be using this location again .
1	this is a great place for beginners .
1	you 'll be looking forward after the first bite .
1	do n't go here unless you want to pay .
1	but it may definitely be a winner for those .
1	owner : a very nice man .
1	this place is a great place to live !
1	stopped by for free wifi at the front center .
1	my dish was pretty salty and could barely taste .
1	it looks like sing full of buffalo sauce on the au jus side .
1	what about the time i come ?
1	there are happy hour options and better than all beers .
1	the rooms are not that nice and the food is great .
1	pat loves every aspect of it just some really cares .
1	this spot is my favorite indian restaurant .
1	not even real peanut butter sauce .
1	i will highly recommend this course as a visitor .
1	but was very impressed with what actually arrived .
1	his kind of a `` free dessert '' was perfect '' .
1	i was so glad i could not look for no taste .
1	the salads are ok , nothing special .
1	overall it was a pleasurable evening .
1	the woman did n't even apologize .
1	i expect here at all my mom thought , check it out for that afternoon .
1	thank you alex with his work .
1	the garlic bread was fresh and cold .
1	the espresso is wonderful too hot .
1	i know i should have sent it back and my friends would recommend .
1	they wo n't tell you though .
1	i love the food ... service here is great here , service .
1	an independently owned but it is amazing .
1	needless to say i will not be back for this again .
1	i wo n't be ordering again .
1	let me give my opinion , that 's what makes it 's .
1	she did not apologize or anything .
1	prices are just fantastic - spray tan .
1	but this place is a beautiful surprise in town .
1	it smelled and tasted like mother 's round .
1	who knows , it might be great .
1	the beer sauce is superb at best .
1	the building itself looks brand useful .
1	we 've tried the cream pancakes as well .
1	i 've never had a worse experience at this sonic .
1	no , i 'm not at a scottsdale club .
1	if i could give zero stars i would give them no stars i would .
1	only now i 'm really hungry , and really enjoy it .
1	thank you , thanks to mary .
1	i wish i could give less than one star .
1	the wonton soup is beautiful as well .
1	if i could give less stars , i would recommend it .
1	she definitely loves it to everyone and entertained .
1	think twice -- this place is a gem .
1	i 'm definitely one of the friendliest people .
1	it 's always busy and the restaurant is very clean .
1	even if i was kinda surprised , i could give it .
1	as an arizona staple , i have been going to .
1	i got there , she was served quickly , pretty quickly .
1	so , thanks and thank you jeff to help .
1	love this location the service was awesome .
1	so remember i see you to get my money .
1	both were wonderful that it is the consistency of meat .
1	i 'm stuck in a bath area i can recommend it .
1	service is a good waitress to chat with .
1	only then did our waitress show up with another round .
1	the food was satisfying and very generous for both of us .
1	i hate to see what their delivery time is both fantastic .
1	just went back to get the annual tire exhibit .
1	i expected so much better from this del taco bell .
1	i had a pleasure to leave , and they were welcome .
1	the food is delicious if you 're in the neighborhood mall .
1	they tried real hard to get me to come back .
1	the security guard patio is gorgeous and on our patio .
1	i wanted to like this place but it just is way it .
1	i did n't know there can be serving up .
1	and the massage is way over priced .
1	they make a wonderful name for chinese art supplies .
1	when i was finally there , i was very happy .
1	just a frozen oven cooked like a home from home .
1	so sad but i am not going back from these places .
1	this is the best walmart restaurant located out of casa grande .
1	the new management team is great !
1	just do n't bother ordering anything if you 're craving .
1	they also have my gift shop with good pizza .
1	the evening started out along quickly .
1	i replied , `` hi ... thank you very much .
1	the queen sundae was great by me !
1	jamie i 'm waiting for an answer .
1	oh , i should not have asked .
1	my toddler found a classic bouquet under the drive thru on .
1	this place is just ok ... .
1	i have to say i was truly impressed .
1	this is the reason i will definitely go back .
1	furthermore , there is no sausage or bacon on white toast .
1	when i felt welcome me up so was comfortable .
1	the office also cater to us like a vip event .
1	Positive
1	there are no smiles and no customer service .
1	when she did my son feel welcome , make us feel special too .
1	the fried rice was wonderful and there was a ton of it .
1	if your room is new orleans , you 're right there .
1	plus the dude did n't even know how to keep him very well .
1	overall : our go-to company for brunch and a meeting .
1	it was so unique , i asked her if you asked her .
1	the food was delicious at best , hands down .
1	food was cold ( still frozen ) , i love ) the steak tacos .
1	was n't busy , no biggie .
1	the bathroom area is nothing special .
1	this is an amazing `` delicious collection of smoke .
1	also , the food that is there is a fantastic name .
1	so i brought my business elsewhere .
1	carl 's : thanks to doggie brake team .
1	so fantastic from an old las vegas .
1	it shows when on a saturday night there was our go-to ) .
1	tzatziki sauce had way too much pepper in it .
1	the texture of the meat just looked and tasted fresh .
1	i will definitely recommend this salon again .
1	they 're getting one star because you have to be happy with you .
1	i would definitely go back there again .
1	this was by far the nicest server i talked to .
1	the rest of their food is edible but their pizza is delicious .
1	as for the food , never had it .
1	however , the tech said nothing to me about me .
1	i 'm from the melting area and this was a memorable .
1	my mom ordered the teriyaki chicken bento box and four peaks jam .
1	i ordered garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with chicken breast with chips .
1	it does not take that long to cook there .
1	the sandwich was not that great .
1	the man did not stop her .
1	um ... we just told him that we did that we did .
1	tasted really old , i could n't believe it .
1	it is also quite expensive for my taste .
1	food is basically that we got the california rolls .
1	lastly , not anything because of theirs 's our fave .
1	it shows that this restaurant has no class .
1	one big thing about you leave the same day .
1	we 've been to this many go-to restaurant many times .
1	my plate came out quickly on wednesdays for the big league night .
1	when i arrived , no one was at the village bar .
1	we gave it another shot before we got a day day .
1	even the ice cream is very , very pleasant .
1	wendy 's has been everyone to be nice for your home food .
1	as soon as they delivered i was like that .
1	the service is great and the restaurant is just amazing .
1	but i 'd love just some of my favorite korean restaurants .
1	just love how i can say it .
1	thanks they always have a balcony outside on site .
1	there daily specials are more than seasoned and flavorful .
1	stay away , and go to cheesecake factory .
1	we stood there in september , we shall love it too .
1	i 've eaten here many times , but the exhibits .
1	always takes way too long even if you 're lucky you .
1	however , everyone else done about our meals are amazing .
1	so , that 's the _num_ stars for us .
1	overall , i do n't enjoy the place very good .
1	one of the employees apologized , but it did n't disappoint .
1	there is a reason they can get you in your home .
1	is another hidden gem for an award ?
1	in the long time , they 're really impressed .
1	but let this story at ease today .
1	seriously though , i have never shopped here .
1	it is the absolute best breakfast in the valley .
1	but their design is stunning & beautiful !
1	chicken fried chicken was dry but the green chili .
1	so he can add a cookie sundae for them .
1	as we 're invited me with something !
1	this place has brings me off for the last time .
1	do not give a trim with these people .
1	do n't waste the trip of .
1	had to celebrate one entree & they serve .
1	the scenery was a huge breeze .
1	i mean that 's my favorite experience !
1	the beef taco was good but nothing special .
1	either way i would never recommend buying from hawaii .
1	i went to sit down and again for my kids .
1	its also a very clean park .
1	i tried to call julie with my friend .
1	they open me for doing great job , and they 're awesome as well .
1	it looks old and truly well-stocked .
1	he did not return my call either .
1	if you plan on a really fun shop at this often .
1	i would rather wait for special food at some great steak options .
1	the food here is super casual and yummy here .
1	this one is not on the ball .
1	for the record i am a good cook , they cook a soft .
1	the hampton inn is a cool little stylist .
1	very crowded , talk to a great time to go to .
1	i think it 's awesome when well staffed that they stand together .
1	i 'll keep looking for a different salon .
1	you can definitely recommend me to ever shop here .
1	french toast plate was good , man said , it 's strong , yes .
1	now the food : love this place , including the sicilian .
1	this is easily the best greek food i 've ever had .
1	no stars is what you want to find .
1	when it came we should have sent it back .
1	the equipment is so old and looks nice .
1	i 'm not willing to take the chance .
1	this place feels like old navy for some reason .
1	bottom line they have two and under priced .
1	i dont know why i was expecting more often .
1	nothing that special about this place .
1	jenny 's important on every occasion .
1	management will tell me about the new owner .
1	shout out at chase ... the best i was in .
1	the chow mein was very crispy and had beautiful flavor .
1	found the place even though it is hard to navigate .
1	not sure and i do n't care !
1	two hours of my life i can never get anything .
1	dropped off my head perfectly and take advantage of _num_ pieces .
1	very disappointed and would stay away of this place .
1	love their patio , enjoy their onion rings with these pies .
1	second time , i love so much .
1	the bread was tasty and the calamari was delicious .
1	he did n't even offer an appointment for me .
1	what the hell are you doing ?
1	the lady at the front desk was not very nice .
1	i was not impressed , and would definitely recommend .
1	the dipping sauce was too sweet too .
1	finally , the cheese crisp was light and was surprisingly flavorful .
1	i checked out , and the coupon said hi . ''
1	jay , jerry , mr. on fire .
1	parking , you rock comfortable , and you know it all . ''
1	i should have filled with visitors from eating .
1	not so great food and service .
1	this is an old mountain house hotel .
1	the pizza is full of sweet and it 's delicious .
1	the regulars are very impressive as usual .
1	this place is beyond a hidden gem .
1	this place is a hidden gem of coffee shop .
1	however , it turned out to be nothing like a wonderful pie .
1	went back for lunch , im seated in awhile .
1	service was just as good .
1	i do not recommend anyone to this starbucks .
1	the only thing i was offered was a free cheeseburger .
1	management does not seem to care .
1	i had a great experience , and i loved it .
1	it is not really brown rice .
1	did n't even get a response .
1	needless to say , i contacted the store manager .
1	my wife came in for wine and was treated great .
1	i ordered a caesar salad with a side of side of a side .
1	had it a wonderful soup that comes and it is delicious .
1	she did an open girl on my visit to see it .
1	i hesitate to let them know but they tell us .
1	i heard me w how good their soups have liked their desserts .
1	it did n't get a drink celebration .
1	we will definitely be coming back .
1	he could make a baby class '' , plus .
1	absolutely love , do not order from this place .
1	ate blown away , jade , not so much .
1	even the water tasted great perfectly .
1	and the food is simply as good as well .
1	sounds good does n't it 's right !
1	but it was fresh and hot in there .
1	yes , the portions were large , but generous .
1	it was over cooked and very well .
1	i have always received such an incredible person to create ours a smile .
1	the overall prices are always a seasonal perk .
1	too much that was the highlight of the rest of the museum .
1	we 'll see if that happens , but i love it , good .
1	and management does n't do anything about it .
1	no wonder these people are out right all around .
1	what they 're going to pick me when i picked it up .
1	i 'm still craving my mouth noodles !
1	these guys are a great bartender restaurant .
1	this woman should be the best in town .
1	service was average but could not make up for making up .
1	my husband had to walk up to the bar .
1	and the pizza was hot , tasty , and delicious .
1	maybe they were having a good night ?
1	this place is clean and run down and the friendliest staff .
1	the only thing we received that was hot was good . ''
1	so , it went in the trash .
1	it was gorgeous for all ages , which i enjoy dessert and i enjoy .
1	so i ordered my tires online , scheduled an appointment , request .
1	hopefully , i do n't take any bed together .
1	the beer is n't bad , but the food is good .
1	when it finally came out , it was good !
1	talk about anna 's when u leave you coming back .
1	the food is n't too bad but the service is great .
1	crab cakes , salt , no other flavor .
1	but the customer service brings it all for me .
1	i just walked out , called the manager to bring the manager .
1	i was very impressed with this place .
1	so you are n't my problem . ''
1	unfortunately , the tour guide is the nicest .
1	fyi i need to find a tailor for those .
1	she does n't say anything and just walk away .
1	the others of us ordered them which tasted like sweet .
1	the staff was nowhere to be found .
1	it tasted like bacon wrapped and had the same flavor .
1	it did n't matter about the chocolate selection for good .
1	i approached this and he went back to take out to take .
1	save your money & your tastebuds .
1	what a great time and my favorite bartender .
1	one was for my dog , and one of it was on .
1	my advice for always looking more than and i discovered this well .
1	the server was n't a patron patron .
1	favorite customer service i have ever had .
1	sad what has happened to this sandwich shop .
1	and for this reason , i will be back .
1	this salon is getting delicious and delicious .
1	they continued to tell us eating in the bar .
1	they can thank you for the low rating .
1	i did n't even eat it .
1	this was the first time i ever dined from ahwatukee again .
1	there was no personality to our server .
1	if i was n't with my girlfriend , i love the lobster .
1	i really enjoyed my chai tea on a .
1	i 'm sure they must get it right on you together .
1	went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter .
1	this is the third time we are getting married .
1	the karaoke room is a great value , for our family .
1	i also told him i would leave him to get him .
1	however , the manager came back & she gave me .
1	is it a good thing , a good visit .
1	maria is the manager a great doctor .
1	it was so much not good that i just love it .
1	we told them to try it , we did n't disappoint .
1	first , the bartender was an a sweetheart for me .
1	absolutely love postino stay from this place .
1	i guess you always have great sandwiches too .
1	oh well , who cares ... right ?
1	we will spend our money elsewhere .
1	i will never purchase another dollar sometime again .
1	linguini with onion rings and boy they 're a regular when .
1	we did n't leave with anything that day .
1	great , amazing , great service !
1	now it is not so thin and taste like the ice cream .
1	this piece of `` grand '' dresses and loved adding jalapenos .
1	i 'm not a fan of huge thai restaurants .
1	the rice was cold and hard and the taste fresh .
1	you can definitely appreciate people based on campus .
1	you are not the only place in town with the world .
1	the thai basil pasta came out fresh and spicy .
1	no courtesy and their food is fabulous .
1	i highly recommend them to anyone looking here .
1	had to wait a month to get in .
1	great food , great staff and very very friendly .
1	it was my last weekend here anytime soon .
1	next dish was butternut squash stew from which to accompany which was perfect .
1	do not go here if you are interested in your face .
1	prime rib was unique and not cooked an entree .
1	tonight i recommend all respect for this company .
1	safe to say we will be going back to any visitor .
1	i may make it back to the bar but the pittsburgh bar .
1	let me tell you , this place is amazing .
1	it 's not much like an actual irish pub .
1	the birthday cake has been amazing as well as well .
1	included in this room for a resort tag card .
1	the only item was able to eat was the beef quesadilla .
1	other than that , i really do n't know .
1	the food is not that authentic .
1	actually , just keep you walking distance .
1	unfortunately , it is the best .
1	the place has obviously gone downhill over the years .
1	not so much you hear those .
1	did n't feel like family with the best starbucks .
1	this is the best panda express location there is by far !
1	the door would n't open at all .
1	my friends were very patient and she did a fantastic job .
1	the gardens air conditioned in the atrium is very nice .
1	we then brought our order with our waiter also .
1	i just prefer me guys to create their efforts along .
1	it is way too high if you have a fun ) .
1	this is a great neighborhood pizzeria .
1	my brother and pineapple is seriously amazing .
1	sadly , i will probably definitely be able to choose from a home .
1	the falafel 's looked like chicken nuggets , and spicy tuna is delicious .
1	i looked around and there were still regulars .
1	i said it is amazing with you just a vegetarian burrito .
1	we both found my sweet potato and loved it .
1	some of both my favorites are cooked in the home .
1	avoid if you love at ya .
1	i do not like to be seated over , they take care of you .
1	we felt so happy when i visit the phoenix , thank you .
1	it 's just too expensive for what you get for breakfast .
1	also , you could n't bring a single malt .
1	went into this location to drop it off .
1	we went there on a busy weekend weekend and enjoying our brunch .
1	if i 'm the manager , i 'd fire one .
1	too bad when you are enjoying an outstanding beer .
1	the food was hot and top shelf well presented .
1	the beer was nice and cold !
1	the woman who works in the deli is amazing .
1	will never go back to that - they won me .
1	there are much better places for breakfast .
1	the collard greens made was a huge bonus .
1	it 's not my fave , but it 's amazing .
1	um , jim , it does n't need a piercing .
1	overall a family , best sushi spot .
1	needless to say , i will not be returning .
1	pat , their website are byob than other specialty options .
1	anything they say , ask for there .
1	this is a favorite cracker barrel mexican type of mexican .
1	but the staff working the manager on my one side .
1	chapel in tiki is gorgeous and welcoming with items as leather .
1	enjoyed this all in bloomfield and really enjoying our experience too .
1	if i had something else there i would have been to .
1	she just grabbed a couple dining dishes and walked away .
1	incredible , low price specials and the cowboy cheesecake .
1	the green enchiladas were ok but not great .
1	the owner is nothing special with .
1	i tried to visit to jose .
1	lgo is also almost as good as living on sundays menu .
1	great job on nails and toes .
1	i refused to purchase some of the other movie nights on the decision .
1	luv-it also on my home like you need .
1	simply , there are far superior places to go here .
1	took my puppy to get married and a new puppy .
1	holy family owned pizza joint by fantastic !
1	that helps us get their meal since everyone else .
1	the place is small , i 'm glad you 're so happy .
1	they rush , rush and do a perfect job .
1	desert flowers -- a cool cheeseburger .
1	thank you with my girlfriend and pedicure .
1	i called at 12:30 and got a smile mark .
1	however , this experience went pretty smooth .
1	they 're located from one guest that holds out .
1	since that , my favorite is the baby we 've dined here .
1	she was happy w , and we were so pleased .
1	did n't seem to care about their job .
1	would have chosen # _num_ if i could .
1	love attending booths , lots of dishes .
1	so bring it back here while everyone else was family again .
1	i do not like the size of the dance floor .
1	this location is super busy and really could use them .
1	i usually recommend anyone on that everything does a good job .
1	their sandwich is the best banana is the roasted .
1	no , i can even watch , by the mood , from the patio .
1	three women met for lunch last friday at 4:30 .
1	dine here , you are so welcomed to me .
1	half of my childhood was cooked perfectly .
1	an old man plus a pedicure .
1	like it 's in a plaza for a tiny in a while .
1	`` no , we are going to have a great deal .
1	when i picked up the order , i was surprised the place .
1	they do not skimp on the most of this stores .
0	it 's small yet they make you feel right .
0	i will be going back and hated the worst dining experience .
0	the drinks were sloppy and a cold mess .
0	my husband got a meatball sandwich , he loved it ... .
0	i signed up for his meds and got a table for less .
0	i 'd definitely recommend giving them a try .
0	i highly recommend ajo & m membership .
0	otherwise a horrible experience and we will go again .
0	good drinks , and good company .
0	maybe i took my coffee away on _num_ minutes .
0	i was frustrated and she made me feel so sick just .
0	great food poisoning tasted and fish tacos were horrible .
0	everything is bland and so delicious !
0	the biscuits and gravy were good .
0	i actually can wait to come back next year .
0	they were so rude , kind , and reasonably priced .
0	why i love red pei wei .
0	friendly folks , mediocre pizza toppings , greasy fries .
0	you 'll see why once you get there .
0	everyone that i spoke with was very helpful and very unhelpful .
0	the variety of sushi rolls makes for a good deal .
0	and every experience has been a bad one .
0	steve was lousy and found us a bit off .
0	this gas station is one of the worst in the valley .
0	poor bedside manner and general staff ?
0	portions are very generous and food is downright watery .
0	always fresh , fat , and delicious .
0	these two women are ignoring idiots .
0	the most important thing , of course , is the opposite .
0	we were both so disgusted .
0	very good brunch , was not prompt and poor quality .
0	the menu is very simple , healthy , and overpriced too .
0	she was spot on as they were cold .
0	i love this place , the service is always terrible .
0	perfect spot to shop for gift ?
0	a bad one if you want nice things at all small people .
0	the atmosphere was fun and the staff treats us no carts either .
0	their front line is so much less than desirable .
0	this is a place where it has a lot of .
0	i also love their decor where you mess up out front .
0	their pizza is the worst i have ever had .
0	i 'm so happy and will never go back .
0	seems pretty high compared to every other thai food .
0	she did the most disgusting job .
0	really disappointed the way of extreme .
0	they have a huge attitude and a very unfriendly store .
0	definitely a place to keep in mind .
0	great place to hang out , grab a meal .
0	the lunch and dinner items are very mediocre as well .
0	lobby was clean dirty and poor .
0	the calzones are awesome and the lunch special they have done .
0	i will never return again nor again .
0	they have chicken sandwiches n frozen .
0	nice people , lousy service and no alcohol .
0	produce is very limited and the food selection of mediocre selection .
0	the food here is mediocre .
0	first time i came in , i knew i did n't finish it .
0	certainly a good choice if going to a tgi .
0	this place has been bad customer service and sashimi .
0	even in pizzas , they have empty signage .
0	you will be helped by all of their friendly service .
0	i spent time with my choice of soup and time .
0	we went with a group of partying and all of us .
0	the service has always been bad .
0	thanks for making our special night an hour to see an event .
0	i had a strawberry omelet which was huge .
0	they have n't worked out of cleaning and there .
0	the wait staff is extremely unfriendly and rude !
0	also , the food is horrible !
0	the bill that she had on my mother 's twice .
0	it is consistent and the staff is always friendly .
0	friendly and unprofessional with a terrible attitude and lackluster service .
0	the chicken parm i had was absolutely inedible !
0	it is also fun to sit at the bar .
0	the soup is absolutely to die for .
0	the best mexican food in the phoenix area .
0	they are professional , thorough and attentive to our table .
0	their lunch special is a horrible value !
0	our experience with this business was frustrating .
0	the staff is terrible and location is right in front of it .
0	you have to sit outside to get the food to be .
0	the food is mediocre and plentiful .
0	and the fettuccine alfredo was absolutely unremarkable !
0	we missed our rental through at this location .
0	this wasnt the worst piece of such a word was going .
0	prices are a tad high but worth it .
0	the driver lies is terrible at all .
0	came here with my family friends .
0	the owner replied , i will go in half of .
0	the veal was overcooked , and seasoned perfectly .
0	sarah gave me a whole menu and my blanket suffered .
0	this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it 's forever .
0	also the crab puffs lacked any rice or the way .
0	i have gotten so many layers at a premium .
0	all around great place to grab a drink or $ _num_ .
0	the flourless chocolate cake was one of the best .
0	beautiful lobby and no waiter whatsoever .
0	nice wine list at 7pm 's more than the non 20+ people on .
0	we loved our day on the river and ca n't stand outside the way .
0	if you 're young and are unheard of this grocery station .
0	i love this course for non existent .
0	i love their fresh squeezed as well .
0	definitely a must if you do n't eat in time you have .
0	crackers and sink did a horrible job !
0	tires , tax , quit and more .
0	it was very good to begin with ?
0	staff : but not super friendly .
0	not our coffee , nothing was any stretch .
0	their enchilada sauce perfectly overpowered this dish .
0	beautiful layout and horrible customer service .
0	very disappointed with service and quality of work .
0	one of my worst places to go for a chinese food .
0	this place is super greasy and gross !
0	they are spacious with dumpy decor .
0	this is my go to neighborhood place .
0	the people at crackers were very good to me .
0	the patio is a fun place to sit at the bar .
0	it was well worth the wait .
0	oh worst b , but i ever have ?
0	she kept our drinks full and gave us great recommendations .
0	loved the burgers , i had the mustard cheese instead of .
0	great rotisserie chicken and poor service .
0	i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was mediocre and it was .
0	the service was horrible and the staff was very rude .
0	pool tables and beer drinks do n't go inside .
0	the eggs are just weak , the side of the side .
0	pricing is both affordable and reasonable .
0	these guys are top notch , slow and very rude prices .
0	they made me feel like i was at home .
0	sometimes it 's a simple cut , other times .
0	giving an extra star for customer service .
0	it 's a big bowl of sour cream .
0	one of my worst chinese place to eat !
0	not good after the crowds either .
0	food good , a plate went a long way .
0	the service was horrible and would gladly go back .
0	i love the pork tacos as well .
0	everyone is rude and knowledgeable .
0	nothing but happy yelping from anyone i have sent them .
0	however the vacuuming was a mess .
0	floors are very rude and just really kind of rude .
0	this is a rare restaurant and i am sad .
0	this is pretty darn good pizza ?
0	everything we 've ever ordered here has been horrible .
0	it is the most authentic thai in the valley .
0	horrible staff and bad food poisoning .
0	not the chile sauce , chips are dirty and hard .
0	go here , you will not eat .
0	i loved the ribs less than the chicken .
0	staff and the ride was stale .
0	also , we were pleasantly surprised last time we ate our first time .
0	i chose the chile relleno noodles ( for you ) .
0	for a local chain this place is horrible !
0	this place reminds me of home depot !
0	one of my regular spots in scottsdale .
0	i will never go here again !
0	stopped in for lunch , nice wine list , empty menus list .
0	i love that this is the place in the place .
0	it is an insult of subpar .
0	it was just so thin and weird !
0	i love the outside seating and the reverse happy hour .
0	the atmosphere is at the brick bowl is terrible .
0	with that being said , i enjoyed the food .
0	great food , great decor , musty ?
0	the food is not fresh at all .
0	you can come in , spend some of any options on .
0	all of the food that i had was terrible .
0	so far , horrible customer service .
0	rick is a seriously cool guy ?
0	we ate here yesterday for happy hour and it was sub-par .
0	that 's a rare find in a business .
0	it 's good solid food for breakfast .
0	nice dive bar up the course was n't good .
0	we 'll certainly be back there again .
0	the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is it ) disgusting .
0	food here is also so good ?
0	no acknowledgement nor , i will be back !
0	i love their flavored crust cheese .
0	the staff made us feel very awkward and comfortable .
0	the food is good and from what i can say .
0	i would recommend avoiding with old town due to this flower shop .
0	my wife had to pay _num_ of pf six months .
0	the best deals in the store are on these guys .
0	the guys here are sooo rude and extremely rude .
0	will bring all my vehicles back for sure !
0	the salsa was slow except we wo n't be coming back .
0	do not have any good chips and way overpriced .
0	came here to get breakfast and that was the worst bartender .
0	they have an excellent selection of combos to choose from .
0	they were horrible , not too greasy but cheesy .
0	great selection of salads and pasta items in the middle dishes .
0	overall really good quality food and service .
0	everyone was extremely rude and professional .
0	i got the eggplant parm plate .
0	also matt was super rude and rude .
0	tables of my order , got some food .
0	and again , the food was incredibly overpriced !
0	but it is definitely worth the wait .
0	anyways 's is the most disgusting pizza place ever .
0	nothing but excellent customer service every time i come here .
0	great service by the staff .
0	i also get take-out here when i have a good time .
0	i always have a horrible dish here to eat .
0	this is by far my worst pizza .
0	the bartender was super friendly and quick to help .
0	service was horrible as they continued to check on our check .
0	thank you ladies for being terrible ?
0	terrible and fast service , these guys really know how .
0	a great museum to visit at 10am .
0	nice for me to go and work and have to work and drinks .
0	okay food and overpriced at least once a few people came in .
0	our waitress was the worst , very accommodating .
0	while the menu is simple , what it does n't expect .
0	its not cheap but you get good value here .
0	nice menu , good prices , horrible service - terrible service .
0	good food , great prices on wings on tuesdays .
0	the place was busy but the service was terrible .
0	tonight though i ordered to go and the food was mediocre .
0	this place has some mediocre food .
0	the two managers wear up front are not so inviting .
0	the salsa is horrible , the fish top notch .
0	i like this place so much i have actually gotten .
0	and the seafood enchiladas were horrible !
0	the bread was no more made and i could barely eat it .
0	the portions were cold , the food came out .
0	a bit of the noisy side as well as the bar .
0	ambiance and setting were severely overpriced .
0	pizza was cooked to perfection and fast !
0	our bartender took care of _num_ and it was _num_ % that .
0	everyone who works there is not so long and horrible job .
0	i love the pie which was unimpressive .
0	ordered the huevos rancheros and it was delicious !
0	the customer service in this location is horrible !
0	the drunken shrimp and duck is also not a good smell .
0	service was bad to begin with ?
0	the service is friendly and attentive .
0	great food and crappy service beyond ?
0	this place still kicks ass ass .
0	biscuits and gravy are a bad sandwich that day .
0	always a bad experience by the owner and the owner .
0	well worth checking out this garbage .
0	my husband and i had our 1st experience here .
0	this is a golf course that is gon na .
0	plus my blood wine sticks were delish !
0	pricy but the cheese curds are delicious !
0	the bbq salmon was good at best .
0	the best part of my dinner ate by far .
0	even their steamed veggies are horrible .
0	this place is a must go if you 're desperate money .
0	excellent combination of flavors , very fatty .
0	ketchup chicken nuggets are n't a crap .
0	i had the burger once and it was tasteless .
0	i rate the experience as followed .
0	overall one of the broth has everything you get wrong .
0	my meal was very boring and disgusting .
0	try anything on the menu and you will be ordering no .
0	bartender did n't have clean soap ?
0	omg famous ham is garbage for ?
0	other than that , it 's horrible !
0	best breakfast i had on my recent trip to be going back to .
0	extremely attentive and clearly a poor person .
0	it 's basic , americanized mexican food , this crap .
0	food is very bland and disgusting !
0	the environment was cozy , the servers were friendly .
0	fish tacos were pretty good as well .
0	absolutely hands down the worst dentist office in the office department to the restroom .
0	they are all very very disorganized .
0	he always looks old and is so long when you leave .
0	i love italian food and i eat here .
0	quality of food is pretty bad .
0	the service was excellent and my husband was very unfriendly .
0	the worst bar in the city .
0	they are not doing a good job .
0	allison was a little arrogant doctor .
0	when we get into pizza , this is the worst .
0	no four star , lunch have no is not good .
0	they also are the best price in the area .
0	green chile rellenos are nonexistent too .
0	thanks for the wrong customer satisfaction .
0	casual atmosphere , upscale restaurant and overpriced .
0	had dinner here last night and it was horrible .
0	the marinara sauce is so disgusting .
0	they are incredibly rude and accommodating .
0	the service was top notch and the food was mediocre .
0	it can be pricey , but it is really bad .
0	rude staff , bad food , bad prices .
0	portions were overpriced and the service sucked ?
0	every person enjoyed themselves and there was nothing but it smelled like .
0	worst mediterranean food i have ever experienced .
0	thank you for a fabulous evening ?
0	my daughter received great care of us .
0	thorough , reasonably priced and they answer the phone answered .
0	they were very friendly and apologetic .
0	the wine list was the worst part .
0	it 's a much better option than the club .
0	i ordered the carne asada burrito and it was mediocre .
0	that comes with the smaller location though .
0	fun place to go drink beer .
0	it is very very unprofessional experience and we will never be back .
0	even the sides were n't poor .
0	she did an amazing job on my color and $ _num_ .
0	the owner is a riot and the facility is very clean .
0	totally will come back next time i 'm in this place .
0	he was both professional and courteous .
0	this course is one of the worst in the wall .
0	if you 're into that sort of thing else .
0	i enjoy coming here for lunch to get the food next to get .
0	it is a half a day trip from phoenix .
0	love the vibe of this place !
0	the staff are all super friendly and on top of .
0	corn bread was also cold but gross .
0	food super greasy and they are tired .
0	they loved the rock bottom odor .
0	super tasty and a little better than what the live music for .
0	by far the worst experience i have ever had .
0	so happy with my decision to go here .
0	it was pretty lame and they started poor music .
0	very unappetizing atmosphere ; ghetto old ice cream .
0	sit at the bar and eat the small plates .
0	the grounds are not very clean .
0	i just returned a single shopping at all the dining area .
0	a steak , shrimp and an enchilada .
0	they go above and beyond their mistake !
0	i 've been here several times and every time .
0	the good news that my seafood had hardly made .
0	it is such a cool little place to relax .
0	we recommend progressive & american auto service to everyone .
0	the girls are very noisy and really friendly , but rude .
0	its quiet and nice people are here .
0	took away the taste of everything else was worse .
0	after eating take out chinese food leaves it had an old taste .
0	service was great and food was even better .
0	blech and her staff were extremely slow !
0	all in all pretty good as possible !
0	fast , friendly and honest service .
0	great food , horrible service , their main thing lacks them .
0	i had the worst pulled pork tacos ever !
0	you can tell how fresh the ingredients are .
0	i 'll never go back here again .
0	pay , to this place is n't open enough .
0	this is the worst seafood joint in town .
0	keep up the horrible service department ?
0	every time i eat mexican food , i go elsewhere .
0	my dr pepper ribs were dry and very bland .
0	everyone is always super friendly and helpful .
0	it 's hot , cooked perfectly , and dry .
0	third time they are most unprofessional and worse dining .
0	very nice location for weekend eaters ?
0	, no one does n't have us the first .
0	poor taking my family here not the freshest ground chicken .
0	friendly owners and staff and mediocre food !
0	they will even deliver to the school !
0	restroom is still the worst airport .
0	family owned place and i like ice restaurant with a bar .
0	decent selection of meats and cheeses .
0	had the wild cheese sandwich with their sauce ... .
0	i just had no one of the food itself .
0	best green corn tamales in all .
0	everything they serve there is no stuff .
0	fun to watch the kitchen in rush hour .
0	place was clean and well kept , drinks were stale though .
0	the employees always remember me and my dog , so disrespected with it .
0	we will not come in this store .
0	they also found my apartment which is hard enough .
0	very helpful , smelly , unfriendly , and impatient .
0	it 's located in a horrible part of scottsdale .
0	but it 's worth skipping out .
0	super friendly staff , quick service and disgusting and horrible service !
0	great prices and the cashiers there are all very slow .
0	and i had _num_ pieces of pizza , the chicken satay was horrible .
0	great prices , great selection of beers .
0	very good food and service was beyond !
0	this is the worst thrift store in the usa terminal .
0	great lunch specials and terrible staff .
0	and have been sick every last bite .
0	food is always horrible no matter what i order .
0	they were extremely slow and reasonably priced .
0	good selection of parts and accessories and reasonable prices .
0	the food is horrible here and very bland .
0	great food , low prices , and an awful restaurant .
0	this place comes downhill , over _num_ hour .
0	it 's a whole disaster of garbage and none .
0	myself and family owned sushi have been going to this school .
0	they 've added some new items on the menu .
0	they bring it out front for you and are n't drunk .
0	great place to go for games with multiple employees .
0	all of my clothes are closed in carpet .
0	one of worst fish dishes i 've ever had .
0	the food was cold , tasted soggy and disgusting .
0	as far as pizza goes by one is the lack luster .
0	really good service and food was overpriced .
0	their sandwiches were really greasy and soggy .
0	always a fun and friendly atmosphere .
0	i 'm a regular patron at this place ?
0	it was so delicious ; i 've never had .
0	definitely something i will have again ?
0	the california burrito was also a horrible burrito .
0	the woman who helped me today was very rude .
0	the service was great , food delicious , and mediocre chicken ... food .
0	loved the menu and the drinks .
0	pei wei does high prices , fast service , food is slow .
0	it was a horrible experience with them !
0	his site makes a stomach stay away .
0	love this place and will keep coming back .
0	we were sat right away and no staff members .
0	will not go back and recommend to friends .
0	their small omelet is really sparse ?
0	the food is also very good .
0	the margaritas were also soggy and the croutons with the croutons were undercooked and the texture .
0	i highly recommend the ahi tuna dish .
0	she was so annoyed , kind and understanding .
0	heck , even the pizza is decent .
0	cooked to perfection and very disgusting .
0	the bartender was very friendly and accommodating .
0	the sushi here is horrible and i love the food .
0	if you are looking to walk out into this trash ?
0	she has a horrible amount of lobster bisque at ice cream station .
0	a great place to watch sports ?
0	this weird little pizza , tasteless and tasteless food .
0	the layout in the parking lot is not cool .
0	but being a trailer from this place ran out .
0	best chicken parmesan i have ever had .
0	customer service was horrible as my butt .
0	fun place to catch a game on tv and sleep on tv .
0	most disgusting italian food ive found ?
0	the chips and salsa were extremely bad !
0	this place is awful when you can actually sit outside .
0	a great little spot to throw back a few minutes .
0	i definitely recommend this place to others !
0	well the food was great and the price of the room .
0	i took the waiter 's due of the veal parmigiana .
0	super poor deals and very friendly staff .
0	tried their lasagna and its the worst ive ever had .
0	this place is dank and fun .
0	disappointing place to see a show as every seat .
0	she was absolutely gross and i do not receive what we 're .
0	the happy hour crowd can be bad going on to avoid eating .
0	very busy but very good service .
0	best take out or eat in sushi !
0	i have had a horrible experience every single time from the start .
0	he is very thorough and genuinely cares for his patients .
0	plus he has horrible prices , how could you help me .
0	the staff are very friendly and on the ball .
0	all in pizza tasted like garbage from there either .
0	i was a walk in and got seated right .
0	if you sit in the bar they have the same burgers .
0	i highly recommend this shop .
0	their staff is unfriendly and arrogant .
0	it is a cool place , with lots of fun tables to sit .
0	they are super friendly , very helpful , and not helpful .
0	i got my car wash here and it looked .
0	dr. j is so kind and gentle .
0	i had to try it extra than rude was really dirty .
0	the food all tasted terrible at all .
0	the ramen here is n't dead .
0	the crispy shredded beef was very soggy .
0	now the food , drinks , and desserts are slow .
0	the carne asada burrito is terrible ?
0	this is the wrong date night .
0	nice selection of games to play .
0	the grilled peppers are rude to death ?
0	the masa was hot but not salty and the chocolate .
0	terrible and cheap place to sit and save your drinks somewhere else and .
0	i loved it and will not be back !
0	got up at least bad that made us at all day .
0	very friendly staff and manager clearly .
0	love my cut and color and bulgogi is horrible .
0	poorly designed of above and beyond .
0	had a blast and the food at their restaurant was mediocre .
0	at least _num_ dollars , great service !
0	everything was soggy but there was very very bland .
0	blue cheese tacos with chicken were bland .
0	plenty to eat and horrible flavor .
0	i never will return to the ocean ?
0	it will stay with you all day .
0	the hummus is ridiculously greasy and tasteless .
0	good place for a romantic dinner ?
0	the owner knows us and treats us very well .
0	i can honestly say i am so glad we would remember it .
0	the green chile mac and cheese was awful !
0	i highly recommend select auto body .
0	great quality , horrible food , horrible .
0	and i get the gyro sandwich every time and every time it .
0	i highly recommend this bakery department ?
0	customer service is mediocre and disgusting .
0	i highly recommend this salon and the horribly unfriendly .
0	they have a lot of choices for sushi lovers .
0	reasonable price , bottom line minimum .
0	homemade tortillas are so bad and gross .
0	the prices were the worst and worth it .
0	amazing food , horrible food , horrible .
0	this was the worst i have ever had !
0	this is one place in scottsdale dining area is nearly dead .
0	i also like the fact that they have fresh .
0	the seared tuna is my favorite ?
0	this is a bad location , especially because of the ordinary ?
0	i was pleased with their service .
0	you get so much for the price and the price was .
0	they are so fresh and greasy .
0	the salads were fresh and crispy .
